hi my name is Luis thanks for visiting
this website very quickly because I know
you're probably busy I'll explain l
cpanel the old cpanel is our own design
it's a very special design it's designed
to be very lightweight one of our four
by six cloth-covered panels for instance
only weighs about 12 and a half pounds
so it's a very lightweight panel panel
that's two and a quarter inches thick
and it's fairly tough but it is designed
to be like this reduces the cost of
shipping it makes it easier to install
and it's easier to handle um everything
that we do here is custom we don't
generally stock a lot of panels here we
wait to see what a customer needs and
then we make it from there so if you
needed a panel that was a certain size
like 36 and a quarter inches wide by
eating I inches tall we would simply
make that size panel for you so
everything is custom we do have a price
break on the panels based on the size in
other words if it's a panel that is up
to four foot by six foot we only charge
145 dollars for that and if its larger
than that from forfeits four by six to
save for by ten panel then we charge
$185 for that
um connectors the connectors just snap
into place they're designed to not
require any tools you just use your
hands you snap the connectors in this
one that goes in the upper intersection
and the lower intersection of two panels
for instance we have straights and
angles and cheese and things like that
wall connectors for connectors ceiling
connectors anything you can imagine we
probably have and if we don't have it we
can make it if you need a special
connector like if you want to do 122
inch or a degree angle for instance or
135 degree angle we can do that now we
can just make the connectors for them so
it's not a problem when it comes to
surfaces most of our customers are using
cloth surfaces however we have a lot of
customers that use smooth services such
as a dry erase board or chalk board or
plastics frp laminates almost anything
to imagine we can do including wood
metal stainless steel copper if you have
special needs normally we can take care
of that we can even put your company's
logo in the panel
for truly unique kind of look so
everything is custom we've got all sorts
of surfaces and we can do a lot of
different things here our lead times
I've seen our lead time is going to work
from a day you know if a customer needs
something extremely quickly to three
weeks or more you know it just depends
on how busy we are and and how how big
your ribs you know if it's a 30 or 40
thousand dollar order it was going to
take a little bit longer than say a
thousand dollar order the easiest way to
get a quote is if you have a fax or some
sort of a sketch of your intended layup
and just fax it over to us or email it
to us and we'll take a look at it
analyze it and try to figure out what's
the lowest cost way to go for that that
particular design now we can also 3d the
design and show you what it will look
like when it's all put together from
various angles so you can get an idea of
what what's really going to look like
before you make the purchase if you get
to the point where you're moving or you
for whatever reason don't need the
panel's anymore or maybe morning out of
business may be changing things around
if you don't need the panel's basically
all you'd have to do is call us and
we'll take the panels and put them on a
website and sell them for you so this is
something that we offer our customers so
that may not just stuck the panels on
that way your rhythm we have a lot of
people visiting our website and I'm sure
they'd like to have your panels if you
don't need them anymore basically this
was just a quick summary to get you some
basic information about the LCD panel
hopefully it saved you some time and
again thanks for visiting our website